---
layout: page
title: Geo4LibCamp 2020
permalink: /2020/
---

Geo4LibCamp is a hands-on meeting to bring together those building repository services for geospatial data. The main focus is to share best-practices, solve common problems, and address technical issues with integrating geospatial data into a repository and associated services. For the purposes of the camp, we broadly define geospatial data from scanned maps and aerial photography to highly structured shapefiles.  The camp is structured as an unconference with suggested topics coming from the participants on the first day of the meeting, but we will also have a few prepared sessions.

Following the camp, on Thursday and Friday, we will have optional post-conference working sessions. In these working sessions, attendees will have the time and space to learn, collaborate, and move forward ideas discussed during the unconference. In addition to the working sessions, a relevant IIIF and Maps meeting will take place. Geo4LibCamp attendees are welcome to attend this meeting as well.

## Dates
Monday, February 3 - Wednesday, February 5 2020.

## Agenda
The main event will be a 3 day unconference on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, followed by an optional 2-day working session on Thursday and Friday. We will have a dinner on Monday evening, a catered lunch on Monday, and coffee/snacks each day.
There’s a blog post which summarizes what we did during Geo4LibCamp 2016 here: [http://library.stanford.edu/blogs/digital-library-blog/2016/02/inaugural-geo4libcamp-forges-new-collaborations](http://library.stanford.edu/blogs/digital-library-blog/2016/02/inaugural-geo4libcamp-forges-new-collaborations).

### Workshops
There will be three workshops on Monday February 3rd as part of the conference. The workshops offered in 2020 are:

 - "Introduction to GeoBlackight and GeoBlacklight Metadata Customization with GitHub" - Andrew Battista, Christina Chortaria, and Eliot Jordan
 - "Geospatial metadata" - Kim Durante, Melinda Kernik, and Karen Majewicz
 - "Creating GeoJSON for OpenIndexMaps" - Keith Jenkins

## Registration
Registration is now open and costs $125. We’re limiting the event to 45 attendees.

[Register Now](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/geo4libcamp-2020-tickets-79265068955)

## Travel and Lodging
Stanford University is located in Palo Alto, CA which is near both San Francisco Airport (SFO) and San Jose Airport (SJC). The campus is connected to the Palo Alto Caltrain station and the campus itself has a free shuttle service called Marguerite. From the train station, you can take the P shuttle to the "Campus Oval" or the X / Y shuttles to elsewhere on campus.  There is limited visitor parking available on campus. Lyft, Uber, taxis, and metro buses are available too.

We recommend the Cardinal Hotel in downtown Palo Alto.

<address>
<a href="http://www.cardinalhotel.com">Cardinal Hotel</a>
235 Hamilton Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94301
<a href="tel:+16503235101">(650) 323-5101</a>
</address>

<br>

Aside from the Cardinal Hotel, there are numerous lodging options near campus and along the Caltrain route. The lodging expenses vary quite a bit in Palo Alto and the surrounding areas as we are located in the heart of Silicon Valley. Downtown Palo Alto (along University Avenue) is the most convenient location as it’s a short walking distance to the Palo Alto train station, campus, and to many restaurants. Try Kayak, Yelp, Airbnb, etc. to identify lodging options in the mid-Penisula region.

## Event Location
The main event will be held at the Hartley Conference Center located on the 1st floor of the Mitchell Earth Sciences Building (at 397 Panama Mall, Stanford, CA), which is near to the main quad on the Stanford University campus. The Branner Earth Sciences Library is just upstairs from our meeting room. The building is on the route of the X / Y / SLAC shuttles, or walking distance from the Campus Oval on the P shuttle route.
The post-conference sessions will be held on the 3rd floor of Lathrop Library, which is adjacent to the Campus Oval.

## Sunday Night Dinner
If you’re in town Sunday night (February 2nd) and want to grab dinner, we will meet in the lobby of the Cardinal Hotel (235 Hamilton Ave) at 6pm. There are several great restaurants a short walking distance from the hotel.

## Code of Conduct
Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, or religion (or lack thereof). We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organisers.

## Questions?
If you have any questions, please contact us via email at pjreed@stanford.edu.

See a [summary blog post](https://library.stanford.edu/blogs/digital-library-blog/2017/02/productive-week-geo4libcamp-2017) about the event. 
